Document subquery splicing (#194)
arangodb/docs: 3.6/aql/execution-and-performance-optimizer.md

  the output from the `LimitNode` is similar in size to the input. In exceptionally rare 
  cases, this rule could result in some small slowdown. If observed, one can 
  disable the rule for the affected query at the cost of increased memory usage.
* `splice-subqueries`: will appear when a subquery has been spliced into the

>   surrounding query. This optimisation is applied after all other optimisations,

Reviewer: American English
```suggestion
  surrounding query. This optimization is applied after all other optimizations,
```

  and reduces overhead for executing subqueries.
  Only suitable subqueries can be spliced. A subquery becomes unsuitable if it

>   contains a *LIMIT*, *REMOTE*, *GATHER*, *NORESULTS*, or a *COLLECT*

Reviewer: https://github.com/arangodb/docs/pull/189 removes NoResultsNode
```suggestion
  contains a *LIMIT*, *REMOTE*, *GATHER* or a *COLLECT*
```
comma before _or_ seems to be optional: https://english.stackexchange.com/a/30519/82525 and I kinda prefer it without.
